Unary operator =  -- ++ ! 

Binary Operator = + - / *

Friend Function : If a function is defined as a friend function then, the private and protected 
                  data of a class can be accessed using the function. 

Member Function: Function inside the class is known as member function or it is the member 
                 of that class

Constructor:Constructors are used to initialise the data members of a class.


Default Constructor:A default constructor is a constructor that accepts no parameters.
                    A default constructor is invoked whenever an object of the class is created.


Parametrized Constructor:A constructor that accepts parameters is called a parameterised constructor.
                         A parameterised constructor is invoked only when the object created 
                         specifies the arguments when it is declared.

Copy  Constructor: Copy Constructor is a type of constructor which is used to 
                   create a copy of an already existing object of a class type.


Destructor: It is preceded by a tilde (~).A destructor takes no arguments, and no return types 
            can be specified for it- not even void.It is called automatically by the compiler 
            whenever an object is destroyed.It cleans up the memory or the storage of 
            the object that is no longer accessible.


Static data Structures: Static data members are class members that are declared using the 
                        static keyword.
                        There is only one copy of the static data member in the class, even if 
                        there are many class objects.
                        This is because all the objects share the static data member.


Dynamic Data structures: The 'new' operator is used at the time of dynamic memory allocation
                         and object construction
                         The 'delete' operator is used at the time of object deletion to free up 
                         memory space occupied by objects of a class which are no longer required

Friend Class:  A friend class is a class that can access the private and protected members 
               of a class in which it is declared as friend.


This pointer: 'this' pointer is used in a function or a constructor to refer to a data member of
               a class having the same name as a local variable of the function or constructor.

Static member function: By declaring a function member as static, you make it independent of 
                        any particular object of the class.
                        A static member function can be called even if no objects of the 
                        class exist 
                        A static member function can only access static data member.

Inline function: Compiler replaces the definition of inline functions at compile time 
                 instead of referring function definition at runtime.

Exception Handling: C++ exception handling is built upon three keywords: try, catch and throw.
                    The process of converting system error messages into user 
                     friendly error message is known as Exception handling


File Handling:  
   ofstream: This data type represents the output file stream and is used to create file and 
              to write information to files.
   ifstream: This data type represents the input file stream and is used to read info from files.
  
   fstream: This data type has capabilities of both ofstream and ifstream .


For opening a file open() function is used 
 Modes to open a file :
       ios::app-Append mode
       ios::ate-Open a file for output and move the read/write control to the end of the file.
       ios::in-Open a file for reading 
       ios::out-Open a file for writing
       ios::trunc-If the file already exits its contents will be truncated before opening the file

close() function for cloasing a file


Template: C++ templates provide a way to re-use source code
     Class templates: it can support all data types.
     Function template:Use function templates to write generic functions that can be used 
                       with arbitrary types. C++ Function templates are those functions which 
                       can handle different data types without separate code for each of them. 


STL(Standard Template Library):Containers Algorithms Iterators
   

Map Associative Container: Maps are associative containers that store elements formed by a 
                        combination of a key value and a mapped value, following a specific order.

